---
title: "Pricing"
url: "https://craftcms.com/pricing"
description: "Whether you're building a website for yourself or something professional, we have a tier to suit every need."
collection: "dev"
subcollection:
tags:
  - "php"
  - "cms"
featured:
added: "2026-04-24T01:59:27+08:00"
---
## Craft CMS Pricing

[

Self-hosted

For when you’re building a website for you or a friend.

Free

forever

](https://craftcms.com/docs/5.x/install.html)

- One user account
	The Solo edition is limited to a single admin account.
- Ultra-flexible content modeling
	Define custom content types, fields, and relations needed to perfectly contain your unique content requirements.
- Multi-site + localization
- Advanced previewing
	Preview your content from multiple targets, including single-page applications.
- Twig + GraphQL
	Define custom front-end templates, or use Craft headlessly with the auto-generated GraphQL API.

Self-hosted

For when you’re building something for a small team.

$279

per project

Includes one year of updates.  
$99/year for updates after that.

[Free when hosted on Craft Cloud ↗](https://craftcms.com/cloud)

Everything in Solo, plus:
- Up to five user accounts
	Create up to five user accounts (including admin accounts).
- One user group
	All accounts belong to a “Team” user group with customizable permissions for non-admins.
- Developer support
	Get developer-to-developer support right from the Craft core development team.

Self-hosted

For when you’re building something professionally for a business or organization.

$399

per project

Includes one year of updates.  
$99/year for updates after that.

[Free when hosted on Craft Cloud ↗](https://craftcms.com/cloud)

Everything in Team, plus:
- Unlimited user accounts
	Create unlimited user accounts with per-user permissions and user group assignments.
- Unlimited user groups
	Create multiple user groups with custom permissions.
- Branded control panel
	Personalize the control panel for your brand.
- Branded communication
	Customize system email messages and provide a custom email template.

[

For when the project has specific licensing requirements.

](https://craftcms.com/enterprise)

Everything in Pro, plus:
- First-party SAML SSO
- Custom license agreement
- Procurement support
- Dedicated premium support

## Content Management & Author Experience

| Content Types | Unlimited | Unlimited | Unlimited | Unlimited |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Entries | Unlimited | Unlimited | Unlimited | Unlimited |
| Pages | Unlimited | Unlimited | Unlimited | Unlimited |
| Locales | Unlimited | Unlimited | Unlimited | Unlimited |
| Asset Management |  |  |  |  |
| Multi-site |  |  |  |  |
| Search |  |  |  |  |
| Live Preview |  |  |  |  |
| Image Editor |  |  |  |  |
| Content Versioning |  |  |  |  |
| Content Scheduling |  |  |  |  |
| Categories & Tags |  |  |  |  |
| Customizable Dashboard |  |  |  |  |
| User Accounts | One | Five | Unlimited | Unlimited |
| Custom Roles and Permissions |  |  |  |  |
| Branded control panel  Personalize the control panel for your brand. |  |  |  |  |
| Branded communication  Customize system email messages and provide a custom email template. |  |  |  |  |
| Forms | With Plugin | With Plugin | With Plugin | With Plugin |
| SEO | With Plugin | With Plugin | With Plugin | With Plugin |

## Developer Experience

| GraphQL API |  |  |  |  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Powerful Template Engine |  |  |  |  |
| Configuration and schema management |  |  |  |  |
| Centralized license and plugin management |  |  |  |  |
| Debug Toolbar |  |  |  |  |

## Extensibility

| Plugin Store |  |  |  |  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Custom-Built Plugins and Modules | Unlimited | Unlimited | Unlimited | Unlimited |

## Ecommerce Compatibility

| First-Party Craft Commerce Integration |  |  |  |  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| First-Party Stripe Integration |  |  |  |  |
| First-Party Shopify Integration |  |  |  |  |

## Security & Compliance

| 2FA  Enhance user account security with two-step verification. |  |  |  |  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Passkeys  Speed up logins with a passkey, based on fingerprint or facial recognition. |  |  |  |  |
| First-party SSO/SAML |  |  |  |  |
| GDPR Compliant |  |  |  |  |

## Support

| Community Support |  |  |  |  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Email Support |  |  |  |  |
| Dedicated Customer Support Manager |  |  |  |  |

## Billing

| Pay by Credit Card |  |  |  |  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Invoicing with Terms |  |  |  |  |

## Pricing FAQ

###### How do I purchase Craft Pro or Craft Team?

You can purchase Craft Pro or Craft Team by upgrading from within the app. Once you’ve downloaded Craft Solo, there will be a link at the bottom of every page in the Control Panel. This link will brings up a modal window that will walk you the whole process. If you need an alternate way to pay, please contact us, [hello@craftcms.com](mailto:hello@craftcms.com).

###### Can I use Craft Solo for client work?

Technically yes, however, we don’t recommend it. Craft Solo is meant to be a solution for developers to get to know Craft and create one-off sites for themselves and their friends. We do not recommend giving admin access to non-developers and therefore strongly recommend that any professional work is done on Craft Pro or Craft Team. This ensures the best experience for everyone.

###### Can I try Craft Pro or Craft Team before buying?

Yes, you can trial Craft Pro or Craft Team while your site is on non-public looking domain (e.g. “mysite.dev” or “staging.mysite.com”). However, if you will need Developer Support throughout the development process we encourage you to purchase a license at the beginning of the project.

###### Are non-profit discounts available?

Yes, we offer a flat 15% discount on Craft Pro and Craft Team for verified non-profits. Please note: The discount only applies to the license fee. We do not discount the License Update Renewal fee. Please email [hello@craftcms.com](mailto:hello@craftcms.com) if you’re a verified non-profit to receive this discount.

###### Will there be an upgrade fee when major Craft CMS updates come out?

Pro and Team licenses come with one year of free License Updates. If a major edition comes out within that year, it’s included in the initial license cost. You can enable license updates for $99 per year. Please read [how license and renewals work](https://craftcms.com/knowledge-base/how-craft-licenses-and-renewals-work) for details.

###### Can I purchase an edition locally, and then transfer it to production?

Yes you can.

###### What is Basic Developer Support?

Basic Developer Support is for developers who need dev to dev support directly from Craft. While our community is a great resource for questions via Craft Discord, Stack Exchange, and Github, Developer Support is email-based and answered directly from a member of the Craft CMS team. For Developers working with Craft professionally and in need of guaranteed response times we recommend a [Pro or Premium Support Plan](https://craftcms.com/support-services)