---
title: "Statamic Pricing"
url: "https://statamic.com/pricing"
description: "We offer single site and various options for volume licensing, as well as teacher and student educational discounts. There's something for everyone."
collection: "dev"
subcollection:
tags:
  - "php"
  - "cms"
featured:
added: "2026-04-24T01:59:46+08:00"
---
[Free to use](https://statamic.dev/tips/how-to-enable-statamic-pro#trial-mode) while in development

- Everything in Core, plus:
- Unlimited user accounts & roles
- Revisions, drafts, & content history
- Headless, REST API, and GraphQL
- Multi-site, multilingual, & multi-user editing
- White Label customization
- Git integration and automation in the Control Panel
- Basic Developer Support

- Everything in Pro, plus:
- Dedicated Premium Support (SLA)
- Custom procurement, vendor agreements, and compliance
- Priority bug resolution and feature requests
- SSO, 2FA, Audit Logging
- Onboarding, training, and consulting availability
- Offline/Private License Validation

Looking for [volume discounts](https://statamic.com/pricing/volume)? We've got you covered.

### Can I build a site for a client and transfer the license to them later?

Yes, absolutely It's a common situation and we believe that in general, website owners should also own their Statamic license. In the [sites area](https://statamic.com/account/sites) of your account you can initiate a transfer request for any site. The recipient will receive that request and choose to approve or ignore it.

### What is included in Basic Developer Support?

From our developers to you or yours, we'll answer your "how do I" and "is it possible" type questions via email within 2-3 business days. For those in need of guaranteed response times or more in depth answers, we recommend a [premium support plan](mailto:support@statamic.com?subject=Tell%20me%20about%20premium%20support).

### Which product or plan should I choose?

**Core** is perfect for getting started with learning and experimenting with Statamic, as well as building sites for yourself or even client projects that you'll be managing (Core only includes one admin account and we don't recommend sharing it).

Statamic Pro is the way to go if you're building a site for a client or your company, especially if you have multiple users, multiple languages, or want to use Statamic in headless mode.

If you're a large organization with multiple sites, users, and need for guaranteed support SLAs, onboarding, and influence over the feature roadmap, Enterprise is probably for you.

### Do you offer discounts for non-profits or educational institutions?

Yes we do. We are happy to offer verified non-profits, school, and universities a 20% discount on all first-party products (except the Master License), including annual renewals. Please [contact support](https://statamic.com/support) to get the process started.

### Do you offer PPP (Purchase Price Parity) discounts?

Yes we're happy to arrange custom PPP discounts for certain areas of the world. Please [contact support](https://statamic.com/support) for more details.

### If I don't like Statamic, can I request a refund?

Ideally you would figure this out first by trying Statamic Core or [trialing Statamic Pro](https://statamic.dev/tips/how-to-enable-statamic-pro#trial-mode).

But if you've purchased a Pro license and realize Statamic isn’t the right fit for you part-way into your project, we can give you a refund as long as you’re within the first 14 days of that purchase.